chief really obviously it emerged to the
70s 2-door full-size Cherokee and it was
kind of a dare up front we've done a
couple of vehicles in the past most
notably the new Kaiser and then the J 12
truck where we we grafted on the
full-size look the front end onto a
Wrangler Wranglers grown big enough in
size and I think we we hit a sweet spot
where that kind of works the response to
those first two vehicles was so so great
this was the natural progression let's
do that let's go on do the full Cherokee
so this is the first time we've done
what's called the razor grill the 20
slaughter and really if you think about
where we went with the Cherokee their
regular production Cherokees got that
crack in the grille a lot of people
asked us where that came from well he
came from this this style and we want to
to play up on that the I think the only
panel on the body that we didn't modify
was the cowl panel so windshields
chopped the the roof is reek rafted all
the way to the back has the
characteristic c-pillar of the Cherokee
the whole back the taillights the whole
enchilada the paint scheme is right off
of a Cherokee this bright bright blue
color with the white stripe in the white
roof the roof is notable it has the we
call it the French bread roof but it's
the the transverse ditches that go
across it and then the interior is
actually pretty light-hearted we did the
inside of this sort of surfer theme so
the sea seats are done in white leather
and they have a hibiscus flower it's
like a Hawaiian shirt insert to it real
whimsical all that surf decals are
covering the the fascia is on it the
floor and the ceiling are done in slats
of rosewood and it's just this this
richness of fun I mean the whole vehicle
was done there's no reason to do it
other than we love jeeps and this is a
really fun way to show it